yeah
I am with Alex Honnold and we
are attempting to client 45 of
the most iconic towers in the
desert
God want you have a challenge we
grossly underestimated how
heinous the conditions are going
to be time to get down to our
help bring things are going over
here we basically got
sandblasted for three straight
weeks i think i have about ten
percent of evidence and in time
i eyeballed the worst-case
scenario when it gets that windy
could mean you don't ever come
back down if you just get stuck
up there for days
I was definitely at that point
like hell are we doing when
partner with their world might
be ending around us and we are
so sure
we don't have a death wish we
don't want to die for the boat
don't follow the tower but if
there wasn't this element of
risk it would be boring
we like to suffer we like to
have this seemingly interminable
goal you just like chip away
step-by-step you might be amazed
at what you can come with an
adventure
not only did we find a puppy but
we found arguably one of the
cutest puppies in the world
you've been abandoned